Entity Reference Referential Integrity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This module solves the problem of deleting parent entities (nodes, taxonomy
terms, users, etc.) that are referred to by other entities through taxonomy term
reference or entity reference fields (see
https://www.drupal.org/project/entityreference/issues/1368386, for example).
Drupal will not prevent a user from deleting such 'parent entities', but this
module will, provided some kind of delete confirmation form is used. It hooks
into various entity delete confirmation forms, and does a check of the entity or
entities about to be deleted as to whether or not they are referred to by any
other entities, and if so, shows the referrers (the child entities) to the user
if the current user has view permissions on the referring entities and fields,
or if not, just that there is referring content, and either

1.  disables the delete button on the form if any of the referring fields are
    required, or where the current user does not have update permissions on
    either the referring entities or referring fields, or
2.  where the referring fields are all optional and the current user has
    permissions to update both the referring entities and the referring field on
    those entities, changes the text of the delete button to indicate all
    referring fields will be set to empty.

Required fields are noted with a red asterisk in the list of referrers, and in
the case where a user has insufficient permissions to update non-required
fields, the user is informed. Previous revisions are also checked.

Note that this module currently implements 'Restrict' referential integrity
where any of the referring fields' settings are set as 'Required', and 'Set
Null' if all of the referring fields' settings are set as not required.
'Cascade' is not (yet) implemented.

API
~~~

The module already handles node, taxonomy term, and user delete forms, both
single and multi-versions (including Taxonomy Manager's delete), and has an API
hook hook_erri_info() for other modules that use the Drupal confirm_form()
function to create their delete forms, or at least have elements either
identical to or like the ['description']['#markup'] form element and the
['actions']['submit'] button used for the delete (see
https://api.drupal.org/api/drupal/modules%21system%21system.module/funct...). If
your module's custom delete confirmation form does not have those elements
identical to those supplied by confirm_form(), you can specify equivalent
elements in hook_erri_info(). Note that the description element must be one that
permits the concatenation of text, and the submit element must be of #type
'submit'.

A module can implement hook_erri_reference_fields() to specify additional
reference fields (see erri.api.php) so that this module will enforce referential
integrity for them as well (where they are referencing either an entity or a
taxonomy term). For example, if your module implements a compound field
structure where one of the components is an entity-reference component,
hook_erri_reference_fields() will allow your module to leverage this module's
integrity checking. Such fields must be created through the field API, as this
module relies on other aspects of the Field API to do its work.

A module can implement hook_erri_reference_check() to add referring / child
things to the list of dependants if the module does not use the field API to
store its data, but still wants to hook into the reference checking.  In this
case, your hook is passed the parent entity type, id, and bundle where there is
a bundle, and you're responsible for doing your own reference checking in the
hook, and if there are references, passing back an appropriately structured
array of references.  See erri.api.php for details.

A module can call the function erri_get_child_entities, passing it the specified
parameters, to get a two-level array of child entities for a particular parent,
keyed on the field referencing the parent, and then act accordingly. For
example:

    $fields = erri_get_child_entities('node', $parent->nid, 'customer');
    if ( !empty($fields) ) {
      foreach ( $fields as $field_name => $children ) {
        // $children is an array with each element an array of entity_type,
        // bundle, entity_id, etc. that all point to node $parent through field
        // $field_name.
        ...
      }
    }


Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Install this module like any other, and activate it.  There's nothing else to
do.  The module will begin working immediately.
